feat: pgroll pull (#1323)
xataio/client-ts: .changeset/healthy-guests-wonder.md

---
'@xata.io/cli': patch
---

> Add support for pgroll enabled branches to `xata push`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for pgroll enabled branches to pull and push commands
```
